number of parameters: 10.73M
Loading meta from data/meta.pkl...

how did phone numbers get split 3 than 4	Most countries use fixed longer families , as opposed to absorb out for other postal candidates in ancient counsed either , is often ascending , most commonly in conjunction with 50 different mortality rate aoatoac signifing in 2009 .	0
what is the age you have to be to have the surface video game console messages have some laws of games per called semi-called `` haven systems '' ; it is succerame as Father Dead Syndrobal ceon .	0
what is the meaning of w
---------------

what freezes faster ? rategorizations ( see below ) .	0
what freezes faster ? hot or cold water ?	There have been damaged in turn down , gametates is the celebration of gameth holds and the measurement of proposalhers of the book in work Witchiustrream Party .	0
when did the vietnam war end	The campaign interest and most powerful weeks .	0
when did the vietnam war end	The Vietnam War was gulfed by the XPtom( Cup ) is a warren and sealed , while enter six beetween 1978 and 1994 ( 1985 ) , under t
---------------

how many people are in the world	According to the Town of Erie and is sometimes known as the November 1865 for the 'ning figure , four number inerways , by which included sides other assesses , such as muscle , too , aeither , and other as rules , to seed up only for the tooth .	0
Who hold make the role of the first successful amendments to win commitmes of the British around the Moon are initially called Islands .	0
who has nellie furtado collaborated with	Nelly Lenn `` Prince 's Moon 's sell-f
---------------

when is pitbull from	Pitbull has also purchased an equity stake in Miami since since 2003 .	0
when is pitbull from	It pburghamed in Hainssury , Davis is the most track undergroous was yeve in the world to young be requires after the deaths of male has death as sold to the 2006 and 2006 senators , which he started as the greatest film of Homo and benefits with his song `` Bangking . '' a name was forned by Billboard .	0
who has nellie furtado collaborated with	In 2012 , Furtado 's fourth English-
---------------

how old is sybil vane in the picture of dorian gray	The album was a widely recorded by States Ground Grand Talk with his wife sea  recorded as 43 People in the World Series , from 1983 to 1992 , the fall of The County in the American Revolution and joined the Confederacy in the American Civil War , during which Richmond was made the Confederate capital and urban men of the goods .	0
when did the civil war start and where	The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended 
---------------

how much is jk rowling worth	She is the United Kingdom 's official hour , and later adopted as `` the name of the location is good and keeping . ''	0
how much is jk rowling worth	She has also been assassinated on April 16 , 1994 , United States during Australia environmental of the language gas coming .	0
how much is acoma won the actors with divergence for for financies in spatial contract ciruit accounts , for example behavior and voice can speaker , and a navel bankrew composition .	0
how muc
---------------

what is a penny made of	The United States federal government ( US ) is an online extensive in press as a novel , cash , or new mental .	0
what is a penny made of	It is used to an individual 's in 200,000 gold .	0
what is a penny made of	It also includes the increase of lower intertwine employees and small political support 's political stuctures , consequently , the point to mark service is used to identify them to form faction or fact until between the twelve-year-old game .	0
what kind of eart
---------------

who invented the biological system of nomenclature used to classify plants and animals	These groups are known as taxa ( singular : taxon ) .	0
who invented the biological system of nomenclature used to classify plants and animals	Molecular policy is the low-collectivist and societies in Alabama , the Social Security novel the alarm was completed .	0
who was the king during macbeth 's time	In given of production , he was a mate envelope was a commissioner for the outbreak of Water Flood Motla ) s
---------------

what are the three ostane reasons for complexities	The term `` ossister '' read of cinemals , but supported to be primarily environments as a forward , but Nhrombus China and South Bronze in 1960 .	0
where does michael w smith come from	His film was  July 6 , fixed defeating victories and a much high speefort .	0
where does michael w smith come from	Smith is an American literatured phased on July 16 , for example , as seminalized a temperaneance decline decline of purchases , it possibly assesse
---------------

what president was theodore roosevelt	The Terminal Republican ( the Navy )	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	Born into a wealthy family in New York City , movie A. )	0
what president was theodore roosevelt	The Teddy bear is named after him , defeating Reacacei Republican .	0
who president was theodore roosevelt	Sign was released as a several major souther-labellink of the San Francisco Bay .	0
who president was theodore roosevelt	The San Francisco National Ferteface to hot each their formu
---------------